Larger comment edits (#121)
moderndive/moderndive: vignettes/paper.Rmd

  labs(x = "Age", y = "Teaching score", color = "Ethnicity")
```

# Repository README

> In the GitHub repository README, we present an in depth discussion of six features of the `moderndive` package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the GitHub repository README, we present an in-depth discussion of six features of the `moderndive` package:
```

1. Focus less on p-value stars, more confidence intervals
2. Outputs as tibbles
3. Produce residual analysis plots from scratch using `ggplot2`
4. A quick-and-easy Kaggle predictive modeling competition submission!
5. Visual model selection: plot parallel slopes & interaction regression models
6. Produce metrics on the quality of regression model fits

> Furthermore, we discuss the inner-workings of the `moderndive` pacakges, including

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, we discuss the inner-workings of the `moderndive` package:
```
